Namespaces
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/namespaces/
In Kubernetes, namespaces provide a mechanism for isolating groups of resources within a single cluster. Names of resources need to be unique within a namespace, but not across namespaces. Namespace-based scoping is applicable only for namespaced objects (e.g. Deployments, Services, etc.) and not for cluster-wide objects (e.g. StorageClass, Nodes, PersistentVolumes, etc.)

kubectl get ns
kubectl get all
kubectl get all --all-namespaces
clear
kubectl get svc -n kube-system
kubectl create ns kubekart
kubectl run nginx1 --image=nginx -n kubekart
kubectl run nginx1 --image=nginx -n kubekart

vim pod1.yaml
cat pod1.yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: nginx12
  namespace: kubekart
spec:
  containers:
  - name: nginx
    image: nginx:1.14.2
    ports:
    - containerPort: 80

kubectl apply -f pod1.yaml
kubectl get pod -n kubekart
kubectl delete ns kubekart



Initial namespaces
Kubernetes starts with four initial namespaces:

default
Kubernetes includes this namespace so that you can start using your new cluster without first creating a namespace.
kube-node-lease
This namespace holds Lease objects associated with each node. Node leases allow the kubelet to send heartbeats so that the control plane can detect node failure.
kube-public
This namespace is readable by all clients (including those not authenticated). This namespace is mostly reserved for cluster usage, in case that some resources should be visible and readable publicly throughout the whole cluster. The public aspect of this namespace is only a convention, not a requirement.
kube-system
The namespace for objects created by the Kubernetes system.


kubectl get namespace
NAME              STATUS   AGE
default           Active   1d
kube-node-lease   Active   1d
kube-public       Active   1d
kube-system       Active   1d
Setting the namespace for a request
To set the namespace for a current request, use the --namespace flag.

For example:

kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --namespace=<insert-namespace-name-here>
kubectl get pods --namespace=<insert-namespace-name-here>
kubectl get ns

Setting the namespace preference 
You can permanently save the namespace for all subsequent kubectl commands in that context.

kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=<insert-namespace-name-here>
# Validate it
kubectl config view --minify | grep namespace:
